>> Lukas Ruebbelke: All right, so
we just finished component-driven
architecture within this core project.
So kind of as an addendum to that,
I wanted to take a moment and
talk about how to test a component.
So in Angular JS,
this is actually a little tricky,
especially if you wanted to do
any kind of dom manipulation.
You were stuck doing regex and
different things.
Well, with Angular 2 and
above, they introduced some
utilities that makes it fairly easy to not
only spin up a component, but spin it up
in kind of a vacuum or a test environment.
And then access properties,
access the dom, etc.
And so
I wanted to take just a few moments and
walk through what those pieces are and
how they worked.
If we go to the command line,
and we go npm.
Well, the first thing you'd
wanna do is hop on this and
then git pull,
which hopefully I am up to date.
I'd be surprised if I wasn't,
and then npm test dashboard.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And so we're focusing
our test strictly on the dashboard
application.
And so you notice now that we're
having a window pop-up, so
this is the Karma test runner,
so we testing this in Chrome.
Here are our results.
Very good.
And so I'm going to leave this running,
and we're going to step
into,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: The ProjectsComponent
spec specifically.
So we could jump in to
any number of these.
And I think this one is
a pretty good candidate,
especially because it's
a container component.
Now, when you generate a component
off of the Angular CLI, it's going
to give you a basic spec structure
that will work right out of the box.
So this is super handy.
So I believe one of the biggest
impediments to writing test is
being able to spin up
the thing that you wanna test.
So your unit under test or
your fixture under test is, well,
I have these different dependencies and
I can't even get the test to run.
And, I give up.
It's like flossing your teeth,
everybody thinks and
we agree we should floss our teeth.
But then it's like, but it's so much
work and it doesn't feel very good, so
I'm not gonna floss my teeth.
And so that's when I think about testing,
it's I think everybody
agrees we should do it.
If it was a little easier and
a little bit more convenient, and
it didn't make my gums bleed every time,
I probably would write more test.
And so let me see if I can
find a generic test in here.
Maybe, let's look in
the home component spec.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Yeah, so
when you generate any component,
you're going to get this
basic structure built out.
And this will work right out of the gate.
So what it's going to do is without any
other code, now once you start to write
code then you're going to need
to keep up to date with this.
But this will create your component, and
instantiate it so
that you can write a test against it.
And so
coming back to the project component
spec,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: What I'm going
to do is I'm going to tear
down the pieces of this.
So I'm just going to rip this out,
and I'm going to just save it off.
Because I may want this back in
case something goes horribly wrong.